Rename to "Deployment Best Practices". (#182)
uptane/uptane-standard: uptane-standard.md

##### Custom metadata about images

> In addition to the required metadata, Targets metadata files MAY contain extra metadata for images on the repository. This metadata can be customized for a particular use case. Examples of use cases for different types of custom metadata can be found in the *Deployment Best Practices* ({{DEPLOY}}). However, there are a few important pieces of custom metadata that SHOULD be present in most implementations. In addition, there is one element in the custom metadata that MUST be present in the Targets metadata from the Director.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition to the required metadata, Targets metadata files MAY contain extra metadata for images on the repository. This metadata can be customized for a particular use case. Examples of use cases for different types of custom metadata can be found in the  *Deployment Best Practices* document ({{DEPLOY}}). However, there are a few important pieces of custom metadata that SHOULD be present in most implementations. In addition, there is one element in the custom metadata that MUST be present in the Targets metadata from the Director.
```

Each ECU receiving over-the-air updates in a vehicle is either a Primary or a Secondary ECU. A Primary ECU collects and delivers vehicle manifests to the Director ({{vehicle_version_manifest}}) that contain information about which images have been installed on ECUs in the vehicle. It also verifies the time and downloads and verifies the latest metadata and images for itself and for its Secondaries. A Secondary ECU verifies the time, and downloads and verifies the latest metadata and images for itself from its associated Primary ECU. It also sends signed information about its installed images to its associated Primary.

> All ECUs MUST verify image metadata as specified in {{metadata_verification}} before installing an image or making it available to other ECUs. A Primary ECU MUST perform full verification ({{full_verification}}). A Secondary ECU SHOULD perform full verification if possible. If a Secondary cannot perform full verification, it SHALL, at the very least, perform partial verification. In addition, it MAY also perform some steps from the full verification process. See the *Uptane Deployment Best Practices* ({{DEPLOY}}) for a discussion of how to choose between partial and full verification.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All ECUs MUST verify image metadata as specified in {{metadata_verification}} before installing an image or making it available to other ECUs. A Primary ECU MUST perform full verification ({{full_verification}}). A Secondary ECU SHOULD perform full verification if possible. If a Secondary cannot perform full verification, it SHALL, at the very least, perform partial verification. In addition, it MAY also perform some steps from the full verification process. See the *Uptane Deployment Best Practices* document ({{DEPLOY}}) for a discussion of how to choose between partial and full verification.
```

> ECUs MUST have a secure source of time. An OEM/Uptane implementor MAY use any external source of time that is demonstrably secure. The *Uptane Deployment Best Practices* ({{DEPLOY}}) describe one way to implement an external time server to cryptographically attest time, as well as the security properties required. When "loading time" is referenced in procedures in this standard, it should be understood to mean loading into memory the current time (if the ECU has its own secure clock), or the most recent attested time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ECUs MUST have a secure source of time. An OEM/Uptane implementor MAY use any external source of time that is demonstrably secure. The *Uptane Deployment Best Practices* document ({{DEPLOY}}) describes one way to implement an external time server to cryptographically attest time, as well as the security properties required. When "loading time" is referenced in procedures in this Standard, it should be understood to mean loading into memory the current time (if the ECU has its own secure clock), or the most recent attested time.
```

### Build-time prerequisite requirements for ECUs

For an ECU to be capable of receiving Uptane-secured updates, it MUST have the following data provisioned at the time it is manufactured or installed in the vehicle:

> 1. A sufficiently recent copy of required Uptane metadata at the time of manufacture or install. This is necessary for the ECU to authenticate that the remote repository is legitmate when it first downloads metadata in the field. See the *Uptane Deployment Best Practices* ({{DEPLOY}}) for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. A sufficiently recent copy of required Uptane metadata at the time of manufacture or install. This is necessary for the ECU to authenticate that the remote repository is legitimate when it first downloads metadata in the field. See the *Uptane Deployment Best Practices* document ({{DEPLOY}}) for more information.
```
